OK.
One last thing I want to show you here I have another right rejects that I've written.
This one is kind of review we've already worked with it or similar version where we are matching names.
So something like this Mrs. Tilda Swinton we're matching you know optional The Mr or Mrs or Ms or madame.
In my case put as many of those whatever those are called prefixes.
I couldn't remember in the last video I can't remember now either.
And then we have a space and then uppercase with lower case letters.
Technically if we wanted to get fancy we could make sure the first letter was capitalized but I'm not
going to get into that just any capital capital or lower case letters.
More than once and again repeated any capital letters after space more than once.
And I also added in the beginning and end characters just to verify that there's nothing else in the
string.
OK so that's your view.
I added parens around each component so that we get to grips the matches in individual groups so for
example I'll just print matches.
Let's just do dog groups and we can see what we're working with parce last name.
Mrs. Tilda Swinton let's make sure it works.
Oh Parslow.
I called this Parsa last name.
Is parsed name so I mean to call to try again.
Oh my gosh didn't import Ari.
I still Seka promised.
That's it's happening.
OK so now we get Mrs..
And until the.
And then Swinton.
And that should be review from the last video.
But the new thing I want to show you here.
Let's say I only really care about the first name.
I want to store it separately so I want to keep the full name.
Make sure it matches.
And I also want to store the full the first name so that when a user comes back to my website or they
log back in I can greet them as you know hello Tilda instead of hello Mrs. Tilda Swinton a little more
casual just the first name and so to get the first name I can do group and to remember if I do group
0 it's the entire match.
I do group 1.
It's the prefix group to give me the first name.
So that's one way of finding it and I'm getting Tilda what I want to show you now is I do question mark.
Capital P It's bizarre syntax and then angle brackets.
And I give it a name like first.
This is like a label for this group.
And then what I can do is over here use matches that group first.
It's just a name that I've given to this group right here.
So now if I run this same thing happens I still get told.
So instead of having to count and use numbers and know which group where I can use first because I've
given it that name it's a question mark capital P angle brackets and then whatever name you want inside
of it.
It's kind of clunky syntax but it's still a nice thing to use and I could come over here and do the
same thing and change it to last if I wanted to and then print last.
So I'm still matching.
If I do print matches dot group like that I'm still matching the entire thing.
So you can see.
But now I've isolated till the end Swinton just like we did before with you are all examples except
I don't have to use numbers I can use words like first and last.
OK.
So that's all I want to show you in this video.
You can use.
I don't know what this is actually called the name of it but this little group of characters.
Let me go to the docs.
There we go.
On the docks says question mark p. instead Prendes and name in there.
Make something accessible by the symbolic group name whatever you pass in here.
It must be valid Python identifiers in each.
Each group name must be defined only once with the regular expression blah blah blah blah blah.
It's also a numbered group so it still works.
If you if you wanted to use the number to reference it cool.
So you can read more about it here.
So I'll leave things here.
We just use these symbolic group name tag.
Thing is to reference inside the Manchester group using that symbolic name that we've assigned.
OK moving on.